= wikiParser quickref

...TOC

== Block formating

=== Headers

they start with one or more equal signs {{=}} followed by your title.

ie {{=== My beautiful header}} will render an {{h3}} HTML header.
 
=== Paragraphs

By default, they need a new line before and after them, but this can be fixed
to your needs.

A paragraph is just a container with some non-blank lines of text inside.
If you want to force a linebreak inside them, use {{\}} at the end of the line.

==== Sample

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipisicing elit, sed do eiusmod 
tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam, 
quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo 
consequat. Duis aute irure dolor in reprehenderit in voluptate velit esse 
cillum dolore eu fugiat nulla pariatur. Excepteur sint occaecat cupidatat 
non proident, sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollit anim id est laborum.

=== Source Code

Source code is are special zones wich will be rendered verbatim.
They start with a {{骘祆秣邃怡镳糸镱钺箴徙弩犷犷镳糸镱钺灬铉徵瀛钺礤孱溟铉鏖翳}} }}. For example:

{{{ plain

驷骘轭郾铂超⑨⑩恽㈤轶铒骱孱}}
}}}

will render the following:

==== Sample

{{{ fal

for i in [1,2,3,"a","b","c"]
    > "i is now: ", i
end
}}}

=== Horizontal line

Just put 3 or more minus signs (dashes) {{-}} on a line.

==== Sample

----

=== Lists

Lists contains list items. A list item starts with the {{*}} sign, followed by
optionnal spaces and your text.
A list item is ended when a new one starts.
A list is ended when there's a newline.

List items can also be nested, {{*}} signs indicate the nesting level.

==== Sample

* Coffee
* Tea
** Green tea
** Black tea
* Milk

=== Table Of Contents

Just write {{...}} optionnaly followed by some spaces and the word {{TOC}}.

==== Sample

You already got it at the top of the page.

== Inline formatting

Inside each paragraph or list, you can use inline rules.

Thoses rules can be mixed, and may expend on several lines.

=== Escaping

Use the tilde char "~" to escape an inline rule, and write two tildes signs to
obtain one.

=== Bold

Like this : **bolded text**

==== Sample

Like this : **bolded text**

=== Italics

Like this : //italic text// (note that it is not recommanded end a line with 
italic markup, as it may be interpreted as a line break.)

==== Sample

//italic text//

=== Underline

Like this : __underlined text__

==== Sample

Like this : __underlined text__

=== Stroke

Like this : --stroked text--

==== Sample

Like this : --stroked text--

=== Sup and Sub text

Like this : sup^^text^^ or sub..text..

==== Sample

Like this : sup^^text^^ or sub..text..

=== Monospace

Like this : 盹铒箴徙邃翦酏浇浇俞眇戾涕脲翳轶盹铒箴徙邃翦酏浇找腆涕脲翳轶坭趑鸷鼢鳟驷煦镱痨矧琰漆煦镱刑浇浇俞眇戾涕脲翳轶坭趑鸷鼢鳟驷煦镱痨矧琰漆煦镱刑浇身徵弩涕脲翳轶埝坶梏麴函驷煦镱疳篝邂轭狃痼痫舢泔懑篝狒殂榀漆煦镱摄镱痤琰梏麴函驷煦镱疳篝邂轭狃痼痫舢泔懑篝狒殂榀漆煦镱摄镱痤琰沐铘弪漆煦镱祜顼葺浇浇俞眇戾涕脲翳轶圹轫梏麴函驷煦镱疳篝邂轭狃痼痫舢泔懑篝狒殂榀漆煦镱摄镱痤琰梏麴函驷煦镱疳篝邂轭狃痼痫舢泔懑篝狒殂榀漆煦镱摄镱痤琰沐铘弪漆煦镱祜顼葺浇氧雉弩涕脲翳轶埝漆煦镱轶且帕轧浇浇俞眇戾涕脲翳轶埝漆煦镱轶且帕轧